Add docs for the plugin API (#87)
rojo-rbx/rojo.space: docs/headless-api.md

Reviewer: It needs to be more clear that the permission any given function needs is the name of the function.

Reviewer: The `Test` function is not documented.

```
Sends a Rojo notification that indicates it comes from a third-party plugin. Returns a function that dismisses the notification.

![image](https://github.com/boatbomber/rojo.space/assets/40185666/c3f31715-dcdd-4c9d-b947-8dceee606b61)

```Lua
Rojo.API:GetHostAndPort(): (string, string)
```
Returns the user's chosen host and port.

```Lua
Rojo.API:CreateApiContext(baseUrl: string): ApiContext
```
Returns a new ApiContext using the given baseUrl.

### Properties *(All read-only)*

```Lua
Rojo.API.Version: {number}
```
The Rojo plugin version. (Example: `{7, 2, 1}`)

```Lua
Rojo.API.ProtocolVersion: number
```
The Rojo plugin's protocol version.

```Lua
Rojo.API.Connected: boolean
```
Whether Rojo is currently connected to a serve session.

```Lua
Rojo.API.Address: string?
```
When `Rojo.API.Connected` is `true`, this contains the address of the connected session.

```Lua
Rojo.API.ProjectName: string?
```
When `Rojo.API.Connected` is `true`, this contains the project name of the connected session.

### Events

```Lua
Rojo.API.Changed: RbxScriptSignal (changedProperty: string, newValue: any?, oldValue: any?)
```

> Fires when any property changes. Passes the name of the changed property and its new and old values.

Reviewer: Can this be made clear that it's for properties of the Rojo API. I was confused when I first read it.

---
title: Rojo Plugin APIs
sidebar_position: 7
---

The Rojo Studio plugin exposes a headless API into `game.Rojo`, which is very valuable to the Rojo ecosystem. This allows you to make companion plugins that interact with Rojo!

## Accessing the API

> Plugins and command bar all share the same module cache, which allows us to expose the API through a ModuleScript located at `game.Rojo`. Using the name `"Rojo"` is easy to remember and follows branding. Once you've required Rojo, the API will be located at `Rojo.API`. For example:

Reviewer 2: This phrasing still reads a little oddly imo - maybe we should simply say "We chose the name `Rojo` because it is easy to remember," or alternatively, strike this sentence entirely? I don't think it's particularly necessary for the sentiment we're trying to get across here

```Lua
Rojo.API:GetSetting(setting: string): any
```
Returns the value of the given setting.

```Lua
Rojo.API:Notify(msg: string, timeout: number?, actions: { [string]: {text: string, style: string, layoutOrder: number, onClick: () -> ()} }?): () -> ()
```
Sends a Rojo notification that indicates it comes from a third-party plugin. Returns a function that dismisses the notification.

![image](https://github.com/boatbomber/rojo.space/assets/40185666/c3f31715-dcdd-4c9d-b947-8dceee606b61)

```Lua
Rojo.API:GetHostAndPort(): (string, string)
```
Returns the user's chosen host and port, even if not actively connected to it.

```Lua
Rojo.API:CreateApiContext(baseUrl: string): ApiContext
```
Returns a new ApiContext using the given baseUrl. Useful for complex use cases that directly interface with Rojo endpoints.

```Lua
Rojo.API:Test(...)
```
Prints the given arguments to the console. Useful during development for testing purposes.

### Properties *(All read-only)*

```Lua
Rojo.API.Version: {number}
```
The Rojo plugin version. (Example: `{7, 2, 1}`)

```Lua
Rojo.API.ProtocolVersion: number
```
The Rojo plugin's protocol version.

```Lua
Rojo.API.Connected: boolean
```

> Whether Rojo is currently connected to a serve session.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Whether Rojo is currently connected to a server.
```
Let's try to avoid things that invite questions like "serve session".

It's obvious to you and me what that means, but it seems like the sort of thing we'll get questions about.

Reviewer 2: I think it'd be good to err on the side of specificity:

"Whether the Roblox Studio plugin is currently connected to a Rojo server"

Perhaps a little extreme, but the point stands, lol

---
title: Rojo Plugin APIs
sidebar_position: 7
---

The Rojo Studio plugin exposes a headless API into `_G`, which is very valuable to the Rojo ecosystem. This allows you to make companion plugins that interact with Rojo!

### Accessing the API
```Lua
local Rojo = _G.Rojo
```

> Plugins and command bar all share the same _G which allows us to put our interface in. Using the key `"Rojo"` is easy to remember and follows branding.

Reviewer 4: Use backticks for all occurrences of `_G`

Author: Good catch!

> Plugins and command bar all share the same _G which allows us to put our interface in. Using the key `"Rojo"` is easy to remember and follows branding.

Reviewer 4: Clarify what's meant by "put our interface in"; too ambiguous

### API Documentation

> **Functions:**

Reviewer 4: No colon needed

```Lua
Rojo:RequestAccess(apis: {string}): {[string]: boolean}
```

> In order to use any of these headless APIs, you must first explicitly request them. Users will be prompted to allow/deny each API your plugin aims to use, and it will return a dictionary of the APIs to a boolean of whether it was granted or not. This must be the first thing your plugin calls when using this headless API feature. This keeps our users secure and protected from malicious plugins.

Reviewer 4: Specify: returns a dictionary where the keys are the requested APIs and the values are the Booleans which represent the access status (whether or not access was granted). Give an example of the input to the function and its returned dict.

> In order to use any of these headless APIs, you must first explicitly request them. Users will be prompted to allow/deny each API your plugin aims to use, and it will return a dictionary of the APIs to a boolean of whether it was granted or not. This must be the first thing your plugin calls when using this headless API feature. This keeps our users secure and protected from malicious plugins.

Reviewer 4: Use the word "function" instead of "thing"

> In order to use any of these headless APIs, you must first explicitly request them. Users will be prompted to allow/deny each API your plugin aims to use, and it will return a dictionary of the APIs to a boolean of whether it was granted or not. This must be the first thing your plugin calls when using this headless API feature. This keeps our users secure and protected from malicious plugins.

Reviewer 4: Consider combining last 2 sentences: "In order to protect users from malicious plugins, RojoAccess must be the first function called by your plugin when using this headless API feature."

The only exceptions to this are `Rojo.Version` and `Rojo.ProtocolVersion`, since those are useful in checking compatibility before anything else is done.

```Lua
Rojo:ConnectAsync(host: string?, port: string?): void
```

> Attempts to connect Rojo to the given host & port. Same behavior as the user clicking the Connect button (sync locking, etc, all behave the same).

Reviewer 4: Ampersand feels stylistically inconsistent; period after etc --> etc.

```Lua
Rojo:DisconnectAsync(): void
```
Attempts to disconnect any active sync session.

```Lua
Rojo:GetSetting(setting: string): any
```
Returns the value of the given setting.

```Lua
Rojo:SetSetting(setting: string, value: any): void
```
Sets the value of the given setting to the given value.

> 

Reviewer 4: Rewrite; "Assign a specified value to a specified setting"

```Lua
Rojo:Notify(msg: string, timeout: number?): void
```
Sends a Rojo notification. Will indicate on it that it comes from a third party plugin.

> 

Reviewer 4: Combine; "Sends a Rojo notification that indicates it comes from a third-party plugin"

```Lua
Rojo:GetHostAndPort(): (string, string)
```
Returns the user's chosen host and port.

```Lua
Rojo:CreateApiContext(baseUrl: string): ApiContext
```
Returns a new ApiContext using the given baseUrl.

> **Properties:** *(All read-only)*

Reviewer 4: No colon needed

```Lua
Rojo.Version: {number}
```
The Rojo plugin version. (Example: `{7, 2, 1}`)

```Lua
Rojo.ProtocolVersion: number
```
The Rojo plugin's protocol version.

```Lua
Rojo.Connected: boolean
```
Whether Rojo is currently connected to a serve session.

```Lua
Rojo.Address: string?
```

> When `Rojo.Connected` is `true`, this is set to the address of the connected session.

Reviewer 4: "When `Rojo.Connected` is `true`, this contains the address of the connected session."

```Lua
Rojo.ProjectName: string?
```

> When `Rojo.Connected` is `true`, this is set to the project name of the connected session.

Reviewer 4: "When `Rojo.Connected` is `true`, this contains the project name of the connected session."

> **Events:**

Reviewer 4: No colon needed

```Lua
Rojo.Changed: RbxScriptSignal (changedProperty: string, newValue: any?, oldValue: any?)
```

> Fires when a property changes with the name of the changed property and the values.

Reviewer 4: Fires when any property changes. Contains the name of the changed property and its new and old values.
